## YES GPT

Here we put all the text with hallucinations generated by GPT. As GPT is a great tool to create void bodies of knowledge, it can help with the writting, is not  a desicion making tool, is not a knowledge generator, is not a human, is just a text processor. 

GPT is a text processing tool that can help to summarize information, but all information summarized can be wrong or half wrong, this is why we must
abstain to give any desicion making process to a tool. Now, in the eyes of the ignorance, is appealing to be right, to be fast, is wonderful to be ignorant and fast, is wonderful to not make any effort to understand but mix and puke text connected in a graceful way. Parcially wrong but gracefull, but in the eyes of  reality, all this is just non sense. You can't pretend to know if you don't know.

GPT is just a tool and this section just gives an overview to prototype text. Therefore all information in this section must be treated as "hallucinations". 
I honestly dislike this term because it implies that GPT is some sort of human or life intelligent beign, which is not. I think that Software as a very young discipline always tries to copy vocabulary from other fields to end up in confusion. We should come with a new vocabulary, for Software, and specially for machine learning, and not use the world "hallunication" like if a tool is some kind of human with mental issues. It should be called "semantic bug" or something more inline with what this tools really is. 

### Why YES GPT

I needed to study several view ports at a fast pace for VPL, and have an end-to-end vision or structure. So, it helped to prototype the idea. Also do the tedius work to organize, redact, load Laxed libraries, etc. But real work is in the NoGPT section.

As I stated before GPT is a tool, not a research driver. 


### How to read papers in this section

- Don't... Just kidding you can read them but keep in mind the disclaimer.

### Comments

You can comment. You can fix. In fact, triggering someone to fix this as a challenge might be a good idea to finish this. 
So all bashing and critics are more than welcome.



